what's going on everyone thank you so
much for clicking on this video I have
an exciting announcement and that is I
have built a public speaking course this
is something I'm so proud of because
over the last decade I've worked
incredibly hard to hone my own public
speaking skills and during that time
I've observed there are five things five
essential things that can make anyone go
from an average public speaker or even a
weak public speaker to a professional
polished public speaker and this course
Dives deep into each of those elements
it's a seven chapter course but I go
over those five elements which are
building a kick-ass speech eliminating
filler words leveraging body language
using vocal variety like an absolute
professional and sprinkling in humor to
your next speech I dive deep on each of
these subjects it's the most organized
comprehensive content I have put out but
it's exclusive for this course and as a
bonus I said there's seven chapters the
seventh chapter I sit down with two
phenomenal human beings the first the
world's greatest freestyle rapper Harry
Mack I had a conversation with him and I
asked him some questions about the
importance of practice and whether or
not he gets nervous before he performs
his craft you're going to love his
answers in that seventh chapter and I
also speak to one of the greatest
keynote speakers in the world or for
sure in Canada this guy is incredible
his name is Sean canungo Forbes actually
named him the best virtual speaker in
the world and I speak to him in an
extended conversation which you can only
see through this course my hope is that
this packs so much value into it the
link is below in the description if you
want to check out my course you're also
going to see a few promo more videos
injected in future free YouTube content
that I put out by the way that free
content isn't going anywhere that will
always exist for you but this course is
it's a paid version but it's something
that I hope is just a nice resource for
people who really want to get serious
about improving their public speaking
skills and I really am proud of what
I've put out there if you have the means
if you don't have the means do not buy
my course absolutely not keep enjoying
my free YouTube content that I will
continue to put out but if you do have
the opportunity to and you want to
elevate your public speaking skills to a
professional level definitely check out
this course the link is below thank you
so much and I'll catch you on the next
video people are more scared of public
speaking than they are of dying
is it just me or is that wrong hey
everyone my name is Wade Patterson and I
am passionate about impactful
communication my YouTube channel has
helped hundreds of thousands of people
improve their public speaking skills and
I am thrilled to release my first ever
course which has taken my decade of
learning about how to become a better
public speaker and boiled it down to
this theme of mastering the five
Essentials of public speaking I know for
a fact that if you can dial in these
five elements and perfect them you are
going to be a phenomenal public speaker
Head and Shoulders Above the Rest just
by being aware of these things by taking
the time to digest the information in
this course practice it and then put it
to action through your speeches you are
going to become a better public speaker
as a bonus in this course I sit down
with the world's greatest freestyle
rapper Harry Mack and one of the
greatest keynote speakers in the world
Sean kanungu and I get their tips
firsthand of what makes them incredible
at what they do if you agree that public
speaking definitely should not be
scarier than dying sign up for my course
you won't regret it